Randyll Bearer
rlb97@pitt.edu

1. REASON FOR LATE SUBMISSION - Don't really have one, I messed up and forgot to submit it the night before.

2. All the test cases on the bottom of http://people.cs.pitt.edu/~zhangyt/teaching/cs0447/project2/ work properly and I haven't
noticed any bugs anywhere else.

3.  I have 3 signal control subcircuits in the upper-left (Created using the combinational analysis tool):
	addi control: exists because I didn't really know how to handle a signed-immediate value in my alu, so I just 
			made it its own exception.  
	branch control: since the branch instructions for this project act differently in jrMips than in normal Mips, I had to
			implement them in a different way.
	Signal Control: This is what controls the vast amount of my signals.

4. ALU: My alu contains everything but my addi instruction which is handled by my ADDI subcircuit instead.
	Nor, add, sub, and, sll, srl
	Is controlled through ALUControl and SHAMT

5. JUMPS: I actually have three different 'wires' for each jump instruction [j,jr,jal] since I didn't really know how to efficiently
		combine them into just one. I have alot of muxes in my circuit usually for j instructions and branch instructions.

6. I/O: my hex display and HALT LED are on the top-right of my circuit, triggered by PUT and HALT signals respectively.

7. Possible sources of errors/bugs:
	- In lecture our PC register was always the same size as our other registers, but in JrMips the pc is bit-width 8 while our registers are bit-width 16
		I had to use bit extenders to get them to match up and while I believe I configured them correctly they may still be a source of error.
	- Jal, Jr: These ones were confusing for me to figure out and while they work in the test cases I'm not 100% confident
	- ADDI: I did a huge combinational analysis table to hopefully give me the correct output through the subcircuit "signed output", which will allow me to
		work with normal numbers. I've checked it over five times now but addi may still cause problems due to its shoe-horned nature.